My relationship with success has been driven largely my relationship
 with multiple failures.
 The mistakes that I have committed ‘relentlessly’ over the years.
 The failures that I sat down with and reflected upon, that made me inch
 towards success at the most unexpected times.
 This part of success isn’t necessarily about prescriptions on how to get
 successful. 
It is rather about defining what success really means to you, staying true to
 that, and then using failures as reflections to create your own success!
 Nothing beats the feeling of having done more in twenty-four hours
 than what the day expected you to!
 You planned to do five tasks this morning.
 Ended up doing seven.
 With more productivity.
 And far greater energy.
 That joy, that emotion, when you’ve exceeded your own self, is true
 achievement.
 Breaking your limits without even expecting to is the powerful way to
 see how much more you are capable of. 
Others’ success will generate massive 
self-doubt every morning when you 
get up. 
Get up anyway. 
. . .
 A year from now, you will wish you had started today.
 Start today.
 Time goes away and leaves us with only one of these two things: regret
 or results.
 A year from now you will wish you had unfollowed emotionally
 draining people.
 A year from now you will wish you had said ‘no’ more often.
 A year from now you will wish you had said ‘yes’ to yourself more
 often.
 A year from now, you will never be sure of the results.
 But you can certainly be sure of regret, if you don’t start today. 
What is the single biggest thing you can do to help you towards
professional success? 
People do not have to follow up, when you commit to doing something. 
That’s it. 
. . .
 How we think of our problems is how the world will think of our
 problems.
 If we exaggerate our problems, so will the 
world.
 If we are happy despite our problems, the world will help us get happier.
 While we (almost always) don’t choose our problems, we can always
 choose how to respond.
 When we rule ourselves, we can never be ruled by our problems. 
The biggest misconception people have is that they are the odd one out and
 everyone else is sorted!
 You are what you do.
 Not what you say you’ll do.
 We know ourselves through our thoughts. 
But we know others through their actions.
 That is true for others as well.
 They can’t read our thoughts. All they see is what we do.
 It does not matter what we say.
 What matters is what they see us doing.
 Commitments are nothing if not backed up with actions.
 Luck happens to those that make things happen.
 If you start creating content, you have greater chances of it being shared
 by your dream celebrity.
 If you say hello to every stranger, you 
have greater chances of finding your dream partner. If you send cold emails
 every day, you have greater chances of getting your dream job!
 Your actions decide your luck. So does your lack of actions.
 Luck isn’t really good fortune.
 Luck is what eventually happens when your hard work yields results.
 Persistence isn’t a one-day miracle.
 It is a conscious choice translated 
into habit.
 The first few episodes of the Netflix series maybe boring. However, you
 still keep watching the series. It turns out, a friend told you to stay at it
because it gets interesting eventually.
 What if we treat our goals and our journey in the same way?
 Keep at them, even when they are boring early on, because they will get
 interesting eventually?
 The result of no efforts is nothing.
 The result of persistent efforts is a habit where you cannot not do the
 right thing.